Privacy Policy for Education Spot

At Education Spot, we take your privacy very seriously. We understand that your personal information is important to you and we are committed to protecting it. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and share your personal information.

Data Collection and Use
When you use Education Spot to create a CV, we will collect your personal information such as your name, contact information, education and work history. This information is necessary to create an accurate and professional CV that you can use to apply for jobs.

We only collect the data that is necessary to provide the service you have requested. Your personal information will not be used for any other purpose than to create your CV. We do not sell or share your personal information with third parties.

Data Storage and Security
We take the security of your personal information very seriously. All the data that we collect is stored on secure servers that are protected by industry-standard security protocols.

Access and Control
You have the right to access and control your personal information. You can request to see the information that we have collected about you or request that we delete your information at any time. You can also edit or update your personal information by accessing your account on Education Spot.

Children’s Privacy
Education Spot is not intended for use by children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.

Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the updated Privacy Policy on the Education Spot website. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to stay informed of any changes.

Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or how we collect and use your personal information, please contact us at shaheendev.team@gmail.com.
